so a lot of pee
talk about eating cicadas here it all
over the news I'm not sure how many
people try it back quite frankly I'm not
sure why I'm trying it
I have eaten the raw I do not recommend
it made my lips at my tongue tingly for
an entire day so today a freshmen have
collected some they're not ten of us I
think generals would probably the best
would probably be the most tender but
it's too late my early for general so
we're going to do some adults so these
are these are frozen fresh frozen new
check off some ways we're gonna try and
barbecued they caught the wings that
they we're going to try them barbecued
with pineapple a little mixed up a
little bit of olive oil and garlic and
kosher salt I'm just going to pull these
wings off because I don't think there's
any real need to eat the wings I don't
know how many is too many I'm guessing
probably more than one is too many but
we'll see we're going to put some
pineapple on into I think it's going to
give it a real sort of Caribbean Flair
that'll be really nice real barbecue
thing look I mean look at that it's like
how tender those things are I hope
they're not too crunchy because they're
not general so we won't take the ones
that don't have abdomens associated with
them um well that's a nice plump one
I'll bet you that one's going to be
delicious let's see
I also also picked a beer I went with
allagash white I didn't want anything to
overwhelm the flavor I'm thinking these
are going to be pretty delicately
flavored if the ones that I ate raw that
tasted like walnuts and had the
consistency of snot or any or any idea I
think they will be very lightly flavored
so I know Sam who's filming is you just
absolutely cannot wait to pop one of
these little grilled babies in his mouth
my right Sam cat way say there you go we
can't wait one cicada that and then a
pineapple bit because I think that'll
that'll be nice little pineapple bit on
there maybe two pineapple bits in a row
yep and then another cicada well that's
a beautiful plump one god that's
probably going to be delicious maybe
really sure actually so one of those on
there another one on there what a great
Father's Day I mean I got to collect
cicadas with my wife and my father and
now I'm growing them with my with my son
which is just I mean come on it's
fantastic I like how pretty that is
actually the colors are really beautiful
are they
wheels big red eyes these are nice these
are these are tender I think these would
be like grade-a if these were shrimp
good originally I thought I would use
barbecue sauce but I think barbecue is a
little mess the flavor yeah that's what
I think too I think these are going to
be very delicately flavor tonight what
would that one squished a little bit
can't do it all right so we're going to
brush a little bit of olive oil on them
we've got the grill on low because I
think they're going to cook fast again
this is just a mixture of some nice
olive oil
I feel like Paula Deen or Rachael Ray a
little bit of olive oil a little bit of
garlic salt and a little bit of kosher
salt and a little bit of crushed red
pepper because I think that'll be nice
about the barbecue on low like about 350
375 I actually have no idea what the
right temperature for really cicadas is
let's say it's 350 375 so oh I'm going
to throw this on here I'm going to run
inside quickly and get a something to
turn it with oh that is just really
beautiful look at how gorgeous that is
keep them nice and tender we don't want
them to get dried out a dried-out
barbecue sick it is just defeats the
whole purpose doesn't it I mean Father's
Day barbecue when people have filet
mignon don't get me wrong I like filet
mignon
some people have lobster we have lobster
of the earth lobster of the soil dirt
lobster as some might call them tasty
tidbit lobster clicking over on che the
other side oh yeah these are almost
ready
I don't really know thinking they're
done so I think there's the stick is
starting to get burned the pineapple is
brown and their eyes are bulging so
let's say they're probably done so let's
take them off oh I can almost smell
their nuttiness that might be me
actually so let's say you just take them
off the skewer here oh oh look at the
way that one broke apart it's so tender
it's almost like a flaky white fish like
flounder or something look at the way it
just broke apart oh yeah yeah I guess
there's no real pretty way to plate them
I mean they are frickin plate of bugs
but yeah so I'd say probably eat them
with oh they're definitely gonna be
crunchy Sam was concerned they might be
gooey but I'm suspected I know he can't
wait so let's just uh let's get Lois
over here low so god grab yourself a big
tender one
oh that's here's a nice juicy one okay
oh they're definitely crunchy yes that
one's soft yeah that's awful
yeah you ready well your honor I'm
actually pretty good what you think um
you're not gonna have another I could
say no I'm gonna have the good I'm not
the big one because I don't think that
those are delicious oh my god that's
good
do you not want another bite oh okay
it wasn't bad the legs were a little
leggy the other crunchy right Oh mommy
very chewy they do have a delicate sort
of nutty I think I think they are
definitely a delicacy
there's no way though that I would
characterize it as being anything like
shrimp or seafood like that I would
carriage of as bugs bugs yeah I would
say there are a lot like bugs
seriously Andrew Zimmern you want a man
Oh
mmm-hmm I'm telling you that is
delicious
you